Hello, and welcome to this course,
Responsive Web Design and Web Development
with HTML5 and CSS3.
First of all, I wanna thank you so much
for embarking on this journey with me.
I'm really glad that you're here.
You've come to the right place to learn about
web design and development.
In this course I'm going to show you step by step
how to design and develop a beautiful website from
complete scratch, using the latest web technologies,
HTML5, CSS3, and a little bit of jQuery.
You will build a unique website using a new skill set
that you will be proud of.
A website that is both beautiful and functional.
There is more.
In this course, you will not just learn how to code,
because building real world websites is more than just
writing some codes, it's a step by step process that
requires designing, coding, and so much more,
and you will learn all of that in just this course.
I hope you are as excited as I am to start learning
all the powerful new skills I packed into this course.
We will learn hands-on web development
with HTML5, CSS3, and some jQuery.
Together, we will work on a real work learning page
for a fictional company I made up just for this course.
The proven seven real world steps from complete scratch
to a fully functional and optimized website.
You’ll learn simple to use web design guidelines,
and tips to make your website stand out from the crowd.
I'll show you how to get and use amazing images, fonts,
and icons to make your website shine, all for free.
Responsive web design, which means that
you will learn how to create websites
that look beautifully on all screen sizes,
and this is a must have skill in today's mobile world.
How to use jQuery for super cool effects,
like animations, scroll effects, and sticky navigation,
to set your website apart and wow your users.
During the entire course, you’ll learn how to work
with brackets the super effective way, which is the best
text editor for web development in the world.
Finally, I'll teach you how to optimize your website
for good speed performance and for search engines.
How is this course structured?
The course is basically divided into four main parts.
First, in section two you will learn
the basics of web design, and with that, I mean all
the guidelines, tips, and tricks you need to master
beautiful web design in a simple and practical way.
After that, in section three and four, you’ll learn the very
basics of front end web developments with HTML and CSS.
These are short and easy to understand lectures
that will get you ready for lecturer website project,
which brings us to part three.
This is where the fun begins.
Over the sections five and six, you'll put in action
or prove in seven- step plan and use the latest
web technologies to build a stunning real world website.
Once you're comfortable with some pretty advanced HTML5,
and CSS3 techniques, you will even be adding
some cool jQuery effects to the game.
In the end you will make your website super fast
and optimize it for search engines.
To finish, you'll even learn how to launch your final
website to the internet for the entire world to see it.
Now, I know how you're feeling.
All of this feels a bit overwhelming, right?
Don't worry, you're not alone.
I am Jonas, and I am your instructor.
Believe me, coding doesn’t have to be
hard, or scary, or boring.
I'm here to guide you step by step
and to help you with everything I can.
I really want you to be successful with this course,
and I know how you feel because I've been
exactly where you are right now.
I started to learn web design and development
about eight years ago.
There was no such thing as you doing courses back then.
I went through the pain of going through,
I don't know how many books, and literally
thousands of online articles and tutorials.
I wanna spare you all that pain, so I picked everything
I learned on that long journey right into this course.
I'll show you everything.
I would actually say that this is exactly the course
I wish I had when I first started building websites.
Please feel free to contact me.
You can ask me anything.
You can reach me on Facebook, Twitter, email,
and of course in forums of this course,
but more on that in the next lecture.
Join me now on this adventure and start your next lecture
right now, where I will tell you all you need to do
to be super successful with this course.